Assets from Unsplash are covered under the Unsplash License: https://unsplash.com/license

assets/ingredient/almond-milk.imageset/
Images created by Nikolai Chernichenko
https://unsplash.com/photos/S1HuosAnX-Y

assets/ingredient/avocado.imageset/
Images created by Thought Catalog
https://unsplash.com/photos/9aOswReDKPo

assets/ingredient/banana.imageset/
Images created by Tim Foster
https://unsplash.com/photos/fS_iWTE3Umk

assets/ingredient/blueberry.imageset/
Images created by Aliona Gumeniuk
https://unsplash.com/photos/Y9WTwredge0

assets/ingredient/carrot.imageset
Images created by Oriol Portell
https://unsplash.com/photos/bHdiBIWrtTE

assets/ingredient/chocolate.imageset/
Images created by Tetiana Bykovets
https://unsplash.com/photos/YemxYB75xvI

assets/ingredient/coconut.imageset/
Images created by Irene Kredenets
https://unsplash.com/photos/E95Lpkg-bgc

assets/ingredient/kiwi.imageset/
Images created by engin akyurt
https://unsplash.com/photos/jPVcZsxRGJo

assets/ingredient/lemon.imageset/
Images created by Giorgio Trovato
https://unsplash.com/photos/cw1MAVs4wV8

assets/ingredient/mango.imageset/
Images created by Isaac N.C.
https://unsplash.com/photos/JPTijx1OUxg

assets/ingredient/orange.imageset/
Images created by Mae Mu
https://unsplash.com/photos/8Vh6ulKc50o

assets/ingredient/papaya.imageset/
Images created by Charles Deluvio
https://unsplash.com/photos/yPI38imbQSI

assets/ingredient/peanut-butter.imageset/
Images created by Corleto Peanut butter
https://unsplash.com/photos/u256GzFi7Gw

assets/ingredient/pineapple.imageset/
Images created by Miguel Andrade
https://unsplash.com/photos/nAOZCYcLND8

assets/ingredient/raspberry.imageset/
Images created by Anto Meneghini
https://unsplash.com/photos/gQyTxSrctvw

assets/ingredient/spinach.imageset/
Images created by Louis Hansel
https://unsplash.com/photos/aKkfva3IdTw

assets/ingredient/strawberry.imageset/
Images created by Louis Hansel
https://unsplash.com/photos/5HbKy-24St4

assets/ingredient/water.imageset/
Images created by manu schwendener
https://unsplash.com/photos/zFEY4DP4h6c

assets/ingredient/watermelon.imageset/
Images created by Mockup Graphics
https://unsplash.com/photos/13PBliWTDng

assets/ingredient/watermelon.imageset/
Images created by Mockup Graphics
https://unsplash.com/photos/13PBliWTDng

assets/smoothie/berry-blue.imageset/
Images created by Tara Evans
https://unsplash.com/photos/lnz6eLsQrMM

assets/smoothie/carrot-chops.imageset/
Images created by Louis Hansel
https://unsplash.com/photos/ETQfAg326eg

assets/smoothie/hulking-lemonade.imageset/
Images created by Alina Karpenko
https://unsplash.com/photos/jH1PBHevj38

assets/smoothie/if-you-like-pina-colada.imageset/
Images created by Christie Lanzilotti
https://unsplash.com/photos/2hLvi-ruPZ0

assets/smoothie/kiwi-cutie.imageset/
Images created by Alexander Mils
https://unsplash.com/photos/nG4ZimMIO_k

assets/smoothie/lemonberry.imageset/
Images created by Alex Loup
https://unsplash.com/photos/HDjExSGuWUw

assets/smoothie/love-you-berry-much.imageset/
Images created by Francesca Hotchin
https://unsplash.com/photos/DSxurmhrfuc

assets/smoothie/mango-jambo.imageset/
Images created by Alexander Mils
https://unsplash.com/photos/pPhN8HFzkDE

assets/smoothie/mango-jambo.imageset/
Images created by Alexander Mils
https://unsplash.com/photos/pPhN8HFzkDE

assets/smoothie/one-in-a-melon.imageset/
Images created by Yulia Khlebnikova
https://unsplash.com/photos/yIE7pZUmT_s

assets/smoothie/papas-papaya.imageset/
Images created by Marcos Paulo Prado
https://unsplash.com/photos/2Wc8OUcfqgs

assets/smoothie/peanut-butter-cup.imageset/
Images created by Sarah Gualtieri
https://unsplash.com/photos/K3aaLUeCnIg

assets/smoothie/recipes-background.imageset/
Images created by Stephanie Studer
https://unsplash.com/photos/KBehqzCvWuw

assets/smoothie/sailor-man.imageset/
Images created by Monika Grabkowska
https://unsplash.com/photos/HSKUAXF-LEU

assets/smoothie/thats-a-smore.imageset/
Images created by American Heritage Chocolate
https://unsplash.com/photos/qBvPsW2PZVE

assets/smoothie/thats-berry-bananas.imageset/
Images created by Element5 Digital
https://unsplash.com/photos/CpBBsda2eRI

assets/smoothie/tropical-blue.imageset
Images created by Joackim Weiler
https://unsplash.com/photos/WsGd0OoKam8
